Drawing inspiration from Buzzfeed, the Chive, and StumbleUpon, the Randomizer is a fun-based program that will have serveral categories of images. Once a  user picks a category they want to view is selected, the user will be able to swipe through the entire category of images in a random order. What makes the Randomizer different, is that it makes it easy for people to create their own category of images. A user will be able to input whatever set of images they choose: cat memes, coffee drink of the day, or even icebreakers.  For example, if a user inputs 100 images of inspirational quotes, they will be able to flip through them in an indiscriminate order. 

Instead of continually re-writing a program to create different random generators, the Randomizer is a platform that allows any set of images to be uploaded. The Randomizer is designed to be versatile and accesible to a wide range of people.  This program gives users the freedom to express their creativity because they can use the Randomizer platform to build whatever they wish.


Social Context

The Randomizer program is intended to be a fun and easy way to brighten someones day. The goal for this program is to allow users to view other peoples creations and input their own set of images and view it in a random order. Ideally, the images uploaded will be fun, entertaining, useful, or inspirational images and bring laughter. If someone is having a rough day, is bored, or just wakes up on the wrong side of the bed, this program can help turn their day around. However, since users can input whatever set of images they choose, we will have a way of monitoring what is uploaded.  Our intention is for this program to be used as a positive influence, therefore negative, demeaning, or offensive images will not be tolerated. 

By allowing users to create their own random feed and use their own images, we are allowing people to have an outlet for their creativity. Often times, people are so busy with their day to day lives that they let go of hobbies such as painting or drawing, which are outlets for creativity but are also time consuming.  We want this program to be easy and quick to use, giving people a way to be creative without using up a ton of time.

There may be some possible negative impacts from this program. Like many social programs today, the Randomizer may become addictive and encourage people to spend more time with technology instead of making connections with real people. Ideally, the program will be very user friendly, making it accesible to a wide variety of people, however it is not our intention for this program to replace social interactions.  Instead, this program is a way for people to find similiar interests and build conversations. Such as: "Hey, did you see that new category on Randomizer? It's hilarious!"


Scenarios:

Leah is waiting for an appointment to start. She doesn't know anyone in the office and has nobody to talk too. All the magazines in the office are either for people over the age of forty or are about six months to a year out of date. Instead of staring at the bland paintings on the wall, she pulls out her phone and flips open the Randomizer app. Leah starts flipping through a random assortment of cat memes and entertains herself until she is called for her appointment. 

Caitlin is a FROG (first year orientation guide) and has found herself in front of 30 awkward and shy freshmen looking to her to make friends. She is fronted with the problem of helping the freshman mingle and get to know each other. Instead of having to carry around a book of games (or icebreakers) or going through the difficulty of searching on Google for icebreaker ideas or making something up on the spot, Caitlin pulls out her phone and is able to scroll through The Randomizer app which allows her to find dozens of icebreaker game ideas quickly and effortlessly. 
